chore: apply seo recommendations (#2418)
telerik/blazor-docs: knowledge-base/grid-column-in-custom-component-is-last.md

---
title: GridColumn in a separate file is always displayed as last on the right

> description: I have noticed that if I specify a GridColumn in a razor component and then try to use it in a Telerik Grid elsewhere, this column gets set as the last one on the right, regardless of where I place it in my code (the html order).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: I have noticed that if I specify a GridColumn in a razor component and then try to use it in a Telerik Grid elsewhere, this column gets set as the last one on the right, regardless of where I place it in my HTML markup.
```
